Docs: Clarify that flow-root is an inner display type (#40319)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/display/index.md

        Depending on the value of other properties (such as {{CSSxRef("position")}}, {{CSSxRef("float")}}, or {{CSSxRef("overflow")}}) and whether it is itself participating in a block or inline formatting context, it either establishes a new [block formatting context](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_display/Block_formatting_context) (BFC) for its contents or integrates its contents into its parent formatting context.

    - `flow-root`

>       - : Depending on its display property, the element generates either a block box (with block flow-root) or an inline-level box (with inline flow-root). In both cases, it generates a block container that establishes a new [block formatting context](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_display/Block_formatting_context), defining where the formatting root lies.

Reviewer: Maybe something like this:

```suggestion
      - : Generates a block container that establishes a new [block formatting context](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_display/Block_formatting_context), defining where the formatting root lies. When combined with an outer display type of `block` (that is, `block flow-root`), the element generates a block box; when combined with an outer display type of inline (that is, `inline flow-root`), the element generates an inline box. When the single keyword value `flow-root` is specified, the outer display type defaults to `block`.
```
